Trabajo Final Cursera



	





Data Visualization and Communication with Tableau
Octubre 2020







Castañeda Gomez Julian David






Our ultimate goal is to help Dognition Company (https://www.dognition.com/) increase the numbers of tests
 users complete on their website. There are two main ways:

•	Hold current users: Reducing the number of people dropping off the tests

For users subscribe Dognition’s service, they and their dogs can play 20 interactive games by sequence and then get 
an in-depth analysis report about your dogs’ characteristics. But according to the analysis of Dognition data, many dog 
owners and dogs don’t complete each test but quit the games after the fourth test – Eye Contact Game. That is, most users
 only finish the Empathy category of total tests and stop playing the game. The main problem may be the game design; the 
Communication subcategory games may be a little difficult for the dogs so that they cannot finish the tasks.

•	Attract new users: Increasing the number of whole users


Dognition periodically tries offering a “Free Start” promotion to customers that gives the customers the first four 
tests for free. The hypothesis (or hope) would be that once potential customers get a chance to experience the product 
first-hand, they will be more likely to buy a subscription. But from the below chart we can see that Free Start users 
dropped more after the fourth game than No Free Start users. So this promotion strategy is not effective as expected.


Dognition may use reminder emails and online advertisement as alternative promotion strategies. In order to better target
 customers, we need to look at when and where customers tend to play the games. Obviously from the charts, most users play 
the games during the beginning of a week and during the after-work period (05:00pm-20:00pm); Users are mainly located in 
United States and from California, North Carolina and New York, Texas and Florida.



